I'm Miles Yucht. Between 2015 and 2025, I worked as a software engineer and, for a time, engineering manager at Databricks. Before then, I was a student at Princeton University, where I concentrated in Computer Science.

At Databricks, I worked on tech across the gamut. I've worked on deployment tooling, building the first application deployment pipeline for Databricks as well as leading contributions to the main Databricks Python wrapper around kubectl. On the user-facing side, I've also worked on UX for payment instrument management, using Backbone and React to implement PCI-compliant handling of customer credit card data. However, for the most part, I have primarily focused on the backend systems supporting account management, like sign up, cancellation and tier selection, and cluster usage tracking, ensuring that Databricks accurately measures cluster usage, displays said usage to customers, and integrates with our finance team and cloud marketplaces to bill customers accurately for their consumtion on the product.

Since 2017, I've served as tech lead on the various teams I've been on. I've mentored junior teammates, helping to refine their technical skills and ways of thinking to effectively contribute to our team, company and customers, and set up or managed multiple initiatives to encourage engineers to share their ideas with the broader engineering organization in the form of tech council meetings or brown-bag lunch demos. I have led roadmap planning initiatives for teams up to 10 people in size, working with our product team to refine product requirements, scope out large areas of work on the order of several person-years of effort, make tradeoffs between high-priority initiatives and communicate those tradeoffs effectively to stakeholders from all sides of the company.

Now, I'm taking some well-deserved time off of work. For the first few months, I was mainly busy with ensuring the renovation of my new-to-me house went according to plan. Now, I keep myself busy with hobby projects and taking care of my wife and dog. In particular, I've really enjoyed spending time on electronics recently, learning the electronics basics and repair from books and various fabulous YouTube channels.
